README.md, before:

## Hello there!

<img src="./wallpapersden.com_heart-of-deimos-warframe_2560x1440.jpg" width="200" align="right" />

I’m Lyzer, a 20-year-old developer currently in my second year at **[@Epitech](https://github.com/Epitech)**.
My passion lies in low-level programming languages such as **C, C++, and x86 Assembly**, along with a broad interest in software development.

I began coding at age 11 with Scratch and later taught myself **Python** at 16. My formal education introduced me to **C**, which has since become my primary language.

I work on both academic and personal projects. Among my favorites is **[Wolfenstein3d](https://github.com/lyzer-px/Wolfenstein3d)**, a project developed prior to the release of the well-known **[Doom](https://www.google.com/search?q=doom+1)** game.
Additionally, I created **[Libmeta](https://github.com/lyzer-px/libmeta-3)**, my own implementation of parts of the standard C library, which has proven invaluable during my coursework.

### Ambitions

I aspire to develop software that addresses real-world challenges and benefits a wide audience. I am particularly inspired by 🐳 **[Docker](https://www.docker.com/)**, a company with roots at my school, and I aim to make a similar impact on the developer community.

### Operating Systems

[![OSs](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=arch,bsd,fedora,ubuntu,debian,windows)](https://skillicons.dev)

### Programming Languages

[![Languages](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=c,cpp,assembly,python,js,bash,lua)](https://skillicons.dev)

### Tools & Software

[![Software](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=docker,git,github,githubactions,vscode,visualstudio,vim,emacs,tmux,virtualbox,wsl,hyprland,unreal,canva)](https://skillicons.dev)

### Interests

- 🎮 Dedicated gamer with extensive experience in ***[Warframe](https://www.warframe.com)***; intrigued by the technology behind games.
- 🚲 Enthusiastic cyclist since childhood.
- 🏎️ Passionate about cars, including racing, sports cars, and JDM culture.
- 📖 Interested in history and geography, with a focus on antiquity.
- ⚗️ Strong appreciation for mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology.
- 💮 Admirer of Japanese culture, including anime, manga, and origami; active member of a related association.

Feel free to explore my repositories or contribute via pull requests. I’m open to collaboration and new opportunities.

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated interests
Updated personal interests and project descriptions for clarity.

README.md, after:

## Hello there!

<img src="./wallpapersden.com_heart-of-deimos-warframe_2560x1440.jpg" width="200" align="right" />

I’m Lyzer, a 20-year-old developer currently in my second year at **[@Epitech](https://github.com/Epitech)**.
My passion lies in low-level programming languages such as **C, C++** as well as DevOps and AdminSys. I have a strong interest in software development in general.

I began coding at age 11 with Scratch and later taught myself **Python** at 16. My formal education introduced me to **C**, which has since become my primary language.

I work on both academic and personal projects. Among my favorites is my take on **[Wolfenstein3d](https://github.com/lyzer-px/Wolfenstein3d)**, developed prior to the release of the well-known **[Doom](https://www.google.com/search?q=doom+1)** game.
Additionally, I created **[Libmeta](https://github.com/lyzer-px/libmeta-3)**, my own implementation of parts of the standard C library, which has proven invaluable during my studies.

### Ambitions

I aspire to develop software that addresses real-world challenges and benefits a wide audience. I am particularly inspired by 🐳 **[Docker](https://www.docker.com/)**, a company with roots at my school, and I aim to make a similar impact on the developer community.

### Operating Systems

[![OSs](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=arch,bsd,fedora,ubuntu,debian,windows)](https://skillicons.dev)

### Programming Languages

[![Languages](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=c,cpp,assembly,python,js,bash,lua)](https://skillicons.dev)

### Tools & Software

[![Software](https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=docker,git,github,githubactions,vscode,visualstudio,vim,emacs,tmux,virtualbox,wsl,hyprland,unreal,canva)](https://skillicons.dev)

### Interests

- 🎮 Dedicated gamer with extensive experience in ***[Warframe](https://www.warframe.com)***; intrigued by game engines.
- 🚲 Enthusiastic cyclist since childhood.
- 🏎️ Passionate about cars, including racing, and JDM culture.
- 📖 Interested in history and geography, with a focus on antiquity.
- ⚗️ Strong appreciation for history, mathematics, physics, chemistry, and biology.
- 💮 Admirer of Japanese culture, including anime, mangas, food and much more.

Feel free to explore my repositories, I am always open to collaboration and new opportunities.
